Leave my sister
The amount is random.
I can make her happy
Not measured in money
My sister is going to marry into a wealthy family and become a rich lady
You want her to marry that young master Lu
She's my sister.
Can only be mine
He has bad thoughts about his sister
It's immoral, so what?
I just love her.
How about I take her away from you?
Are you crazy?
Mei Fu
I'll tell you what.
We are not siblings at all
You are not siblings
Xiao Rui, what are you doing here?
I don't want you to wrong yourself
Become an employee of Lu's
Not wronged
I will definitely help you get it with Lu's
Business opportunities for permanent cooperation
Are you doing it for me?
Or to be with this doorman?
Xiao Rui, it seems that I worried about you for nothing
sister
Are you and Lu Zhen really
So you have to pay attention to your address.
Brother-in-law
Xiaoyun, are you hiding something from me?
No, don't believe what Xiao Rui said.
It seems that Gu Rui is trying to force us to divorce
He lied that Xiaoyun was not the Gu family's own hands